{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0 \fswiss Helvetica;}{\f1 Courier;}}
{\colortbl;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\widowctrl\hyphauto

{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs36 Stefanos Georgiou\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 {\b Contact details}: stefanos1316@gmail.com, sgeorgiou@aueb.gr, sgeorgiou@singularlogic.eu\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 {\b About me}: I am passionated with coding, performing experimental studies, learning and combining new technologies. On free time I enjoy sporting, reading books, and going crazy for travelling and food.\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Education\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 2016-2019 (expected)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b PhD, Management Science and Technology}; Athens University of Economics and Business\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\i Thesis title: Energy and Performance Implications for Software Development Practices}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\i PhD advisors: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www2.dmst.aueb.gr/dds/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Prof. Diomidis Spinellis
}}}
 and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.balab.aueb.gr/panos-panagiotis-louridas.html"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Prof. Panos Louridas
}}}
}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 2013-2015\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b MSc, Pervasive Computing and Communications for Sustainable Development (PERCCOM)}; Erasmus Mundus Joint Master Degree\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 ITMO University of Saint-Petersburg (Russia) {\i Thesis title: Implementating Green IT Approach for Transferring Big Data over Parallel Data Links}; {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "msc_thesis.pdf"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Thesis
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 Lulea University of Technology (Sweden) {\i Semester 3: Resource Efficient Pervasive Computing Systems and Communications} {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "msc_lulea.pdf"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Degree
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 Lappeenranta University of Technology (Finland) {\i Semester 2: Smart Software and Services} {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "msc_lappeenranta.pdf"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Degree
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 Unversity of Lorraine (France) {\i Semester 1: Sustainable Computer Network Engineering} {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "msc_lorraine.pdf"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Degree
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 2008-2013\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b BSc, Networks and Systems Programming}; University of Cyprus\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\i Thesis title: Implementation and Evaluation of the Biologically -- Inspired AntHocNet Routing Protocol in Sensor Network}; {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "bsc_thesis.pdf"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Thesis
}}}
\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Experience\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Teaching and tutoring:}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Assisting my PhD advisor at Programming II course (Winter Semester of 2017 and 2018) at AUEB. Main responsibilities are giving tutorial and Lab sessions, guiding students on team assignments and preparing presentations.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Providing lectures and tutorials for 1st and 2nd Coding Boot Camp in Athens, Greece (Oct. 2017 - May 2018) {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/codeandwork/courses"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Repository
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Proposals writing:}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Assisting Singular Logic's European Project Department for writing proposals and participating in project's telco meetings.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Technical Experience\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Knowledge\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\i Programming Languages:} Bash, Java, Python, C, and C++\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\i Tools and Practices:} GitHub (Travis CI, Coveralls, maven-plugins, GH-pages) Java plug-ings (Code Quality Check, maven-docker, JDBC, Reports, JUnit, JNI), Python (Pandas framework, Unit test,statistics, matplotlib, seaborn)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Projects\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\i Measuring Energy Consumption:} {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/stefanos1316/SEMTs_Comparisson"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Software
}}}
 and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://stefanos1316.github.io/courses/tools/measuring_energy_consumption_direct_approach-p.html#/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Hardware
}}}
 tools\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\i Programming II website:} {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/stefanos1316/courses"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Repository
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\i Rosetta Code Experiement:} {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/stefanos1316/Rosetta_Code_Research_MSR"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Repository
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\i Validate Links:} {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/stefanos1316/validateLinks"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Repository
}}}
\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Research Publications\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Conference Papers\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Stefanos Georgiou and Diomidis Spinellis. Energy-Delay Investigation of Remote Inter-Process Communication Technologies. In IPCCC 2018 [To be submitted for review on 3rd of August 2018]\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Stefanos Georgiou, Maria Kechagia Panos Louridas, and Diomidis Spinellis. What Are Your Programming Language\u8217's Energy-Delay Implications? In 15th International Conference on Mining Software Repositories: Technical Track, MSR '18. New York, NY, USA, May 2018. Association for Computing Machinery.  [{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "GKLS18.pdf"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Paper
}}}
] [{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.slideshare.net/GeorgiouStefanos/what-are-your-programming-languages-energydelay-implications-106251480"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Presentation
}}}
] [{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/stefanos1316/Rosetta_Code_Data_Set"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Data-set
}}}
]\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Stefanos Georgiou, Maria Kechagia, and Diomidis Spinellis. Analyzing Programming Languages' Energy Consumption: An Empirical Study. In PCI 2017: Proceedings of the 21st Pan-Hellenic Conference on Informatics, ACM International Conference Proceeding Series. ACM Press, September 2017.  [{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "GKS17.pdf"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Paper
}}}
] [{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.slideshare.net/GeorgiouStefanos/programming-languages-energy-consumption-an-empirical-study"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Presentation
}}}
] [{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/stefanos1316/Rosetta_Code_Data_Set"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Data-Set
}}}
]\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Jounral Articles\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Stefanos Georgiou, Stamatia Rizou, and Diomidis Spinellis. Software Development Life Cycle for Energy-Efficiency: Techniques and Tools. In ACM Computing Surveys [Going through major revision Sept. 2018]\sa180\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Invited Talks\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Tutorials\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\i Travis CI with CV template tutorial} presented on 7th of June 2018 at ITMO Univesity of Saint Petersburg for PERCCOM Master students in Saint-Petersburg, Russia. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://aueb-balab.github.io/courses/tools/travis_ci_cv_template-p.html#/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Presentation
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Research\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\i What are your programming language's energy-delay implications?} presented on 12th of June 2018 at PERCCOM's Summer School in Lappeenranta, Finland. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "perccom_summer_school_2018.pdf"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Proof
}}}
\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 GitHub Calendar\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Crunching @IonicaBizau's contributions just for you.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Grands, Awards, Languages, and Living Abroad\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Grands and awards:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Best paper award from the 15th Annual DMST Student Conference (2018)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Marie Sk\u322?odowska-Curie funds, SENECA (2016-2019)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Erasmus Mundus Masters Scholarship, PERCCOM (2013-2015)\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Human Languages:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Greek/Hungarian (Native speaker)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab English (Fluent speaker)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Russian/ France (Basic knowledge)\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Living Abroad:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Borned in Gyula, Hungary but grown up in Nicosia, Cyprus.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Ate baguettes and drunk wine in Lorraine, France (Fall Semester of 2013)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Took many sauna sessions in Lappeenranta, Finland (Spring Semester of 2014)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Fished beers from ice-cold lakes in Lulea, Sweden (Fall Semseter of 2014)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Drunk vodka and ate borsh in Saint-Petersburg, Russia (Spring Semester of 2015)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Teaching in Athens and visiting islands in Greece (Fall Semester of 2016 till now)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Visited Delft, Nethelands for my PhD secondment (Half month of Sept. 2017)\sa180\sa180\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 \line Troias 2, ground floor, Room 03 or - Axais & Troizinias, second floor - Athens, Greece\par}
}
